I was in such a hurry escaping last night,
I didn't have time to find my ID
card.
Hello,
This is COTAIL.
No need to verify her ID,
just check her in.
Okay.
Don't leave any trace.
Understood.
Miss, what did you just say?
Well, I was in a hurry when I left,
I forgot my ID card.
Could you please let me check in?
and let me check in?
I really don't have
anywhere else to go.
Like that,
then please register your
identity information here.
Um, thank you.
I'm still wearing Huo Jiuling's
maid uniform,
it's too conspicuous.
Miss,
is there anything you need?
Hello, could you please help me
buy a set of clothes?
Okay, miss.
Sir.
I've been very careful all the way,
Huo Jiuling shouldn't have found
any trace, right?
Miss, I'm here to deliver your clothes.